eight
or this year
no yeah between your legs
or energy balance or stuff so elbows
that when you get to the course you're
able to explain so that your bellies no
longer touching the floor
what necessarily push up here we go all
the way down each other and up and down
and then elbows back
yes right here good what stopped you can
do it yes more we're reaching leaders is
slowly rolling up we're gonna read
you're halfway there only 30 more
seconds over the hips just a little
three already focusing on your breath
that's going to be to be my skin dust
and if I do not eat your food we need to
hear and sign full three two now hold it
straight up and down try not to rock
forward and back please control eight go
through vm7 atlas all right you can pick
up that pace working at your own simple
fuels are glued together
option two is sad and chump game this v8
let's eat up what you must access your
glute muscles here so let's up higher
and still you feel that keeping your
history that's beautiful this face many
strings
six for reshaping the back of our legs
here three for three
your shoulders good night for relax your
face three nice to take the leg back for
warrior three things keep your hands in
prayer we can't go to the bar square
your hips to the floor give you eight
tiny circles to the rice six five four
three two rivers directions eight seven
six exhale inhale push the Box wit
blessed feet keep the shins parallel to
the floor lift them up higher good push
away let me hear the breath push away
and alternate four three two
I'm one counting forward awesome job
exhale bring it through for pigeon here
you want to sit right on top of the foot
don't let the right hip flop over the
side stay centered if it feels good to
you bitch
without your hamstrings to soften up
here doesn't matter if your heels don't
touch the floor should feel good to your
body
option to take a shoulder stretch behind
your back interlacing your fingers
we release your hands down to the floor
all of one at a time
beautiful gorgeous me